summer in the city of arendelle
it couldn't be warmer it couldn't be
sunnier but that's about to change
forever arendelle it's completely frozen
a real howler in July yeah the land is
covered in eternal snow if we don't do
something soon we'll all freeze to death
you want to talk about a problem I sell
ice for a living that's a rough business
to be in right now I mean that is really
mmm that's unfortunately my lady not
you're awkward but just because we're
I'm Robert you're gorgeous
wait what hi everyone I'm Olaf hi you're
creepy well we got off to a bad start I
know how to stop this winter whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa get your feet down this
is fresh lacquer seriously were you
raised in a barn
oh wow are you okay I've got a thick
skull
I don't have a skull that would have
been nice to know not nice
took the routes no people oh
feisty-pants I let the Snowman beat and
calm great oh you're melting some people
are worth melting for no just maybe not
right this circuit
[Applause]
[Music]
my legs I can't get my legs those are my
legs
oh hey do me a favor grab my butt hey oh
that feels better